From and Till are 24h clock format . 
Yes and No and not case sensitive 

Student login is stud(any numbers) 
Password 12345

Teacher login is staf(any numbers) 
Password 54321

Teacher login: 
Enter 7 to import some data for promo code & rooms can use to test other menus. 

1: create room .  Can do multiple times if you choose 

Can change available to yes / no , price , time , capacity. Can edit view delete promo code. 

Soon feature : will add in another option to view the rooms that are booked together with the student names etc. 


Student login: 
Login in with a random student name. If you log out and log in it may be a different student name. 
If got promo got it will show on top. The promo code works if the student choose valid. 

View rooms: only shows “available” rooms for booking 

Create booking : choose to room , enter your time (has to be min from and max till  however  if you put the hours exceed till time you will receive a message to reenter your time as it’s not valid. The promo code you can enter if you press 1 if you enter wrongly you can redo, if it doesn’t hit min spend it will show you message. Payment page will calculate the time (from till) based on your hours , total price , promo code , discount . Then after that you have to choose if you want to confirm booking. A booking id will be given if you confirm booking. When you check room available that room should not be in there. 

View booking: shows a table with your bookings available 

Modify booking : enter your booking id , can change time and hours . Will tell you the new price and time slot and whether you need to top up or credit back to account. Has to be in between the from and till time range . 

Cancel booking: enter your booking id , will show you a cancellation page then you confirm your cancellation. After you cancel booking, the view rooms available should have that room available. 

Ideally: 
Viewing your current booking will show only your name and not other student names. 
If there is no bookings / rooms to view it should auto show that are none so it should return to main menu for both teacher and student menu.